i want to tell you about radium
a most peculiar and remarkable element
because
it does not behave as it should
science is changing and the very people
who are running science
are the people who believe the world was
flat and i'm going to prove them wrong
you're marius goldovska i'm pierre curie
your science is brilliant
you're proposing a partnership that's
exactly what i'm doing
you're just extraordinary
there is another element that's skewing
the results you think you found an
undiscovered element
you have fundamentally misunderstood the
atom
our work's been nominated for the nobel
prize for our discovery of radioactivity
and the commendation only mentions my
name
i'm just the wife isn't that right what
have i ever treated you i am the wife of
pierre curie
i want to protest in the strongest
possible terms it is a distinct lack of
respect
[Music]
they don't like you here
we'll have other people's opinions ever
affected anything after
you did the extraordinary you changed
the world
[Music]
there are those that say that radium is
making them sick you've invented a
poison
the things that make us weak are the
things that make us strong
my science could cure cancer
this is my light and i will win it
[Music]
you